Because it is good, the coin of the world after the finger still offers is thrown in
Dedicated scary
I am the new record and then the rain with a wealth of knowledge on the root of isep founder
Introducing Dean dean
Thank you very much
Today I will talk about the pressure on the mouth
Behave like a mouth or something-let it stop
What does it mean or what does it actually mean
I'm buying it for sure
However I am human but I can not behave like human
There are occasions but this is still very young
Because it is a rude state to do discipline, always make a mistake
If you live within 52 weeks to 16 weeks
I expect great results if I'm neat
can do
It's about this time it will be formed
What you want to be aware of is that for parks you are always human
Of course I don't know if I can see it
You are human but coins are looking at you home
Because it may be, to convey that we want you to commemorate
I want to use sound or this I want something to do and season with boiled
It's like this if you don't
Then we start Ebara of committee
The course is undecided
Western-style room
At such time, use a gentle voice gentle sound
Then you use your hands slowly and gently
I will guide you as I did
I see
Depending on the use of the show
It is better to write the tone of the voice
Doesn't the goal enhance understanding of the action?
About whether this dolphin public relations department will go once
If you think that the food reward is not good
At the same time the public relations that was the time of praise
If you give it, it will be considered as two flagship store
It will be more difficult to prepare for only me
If I concentrate on me, I will do more training
I think it will be easier.
Is there
Well that's right
I do not know this dog
1. Proton beam ran in
f1
Food is in front of your face if you can get it
You can make it look face by bringing it
Then I tried
That's right
Then I will reward you with my own voice and tone as well.
If you are looking at your face you bring it in front of your face
It's going to be a fun time, I have no time to concentrate
I'm thinking of doing other fun things
It is great from the inside of the building.
Then I don't know if I will make it in 2 years
I will tell you and I will show you something upright
is
Because there was a problem just by putting on yesterday, it is very Sato
I don't know if I'm going
I
Of course it failed
I wonder if it's time to do it
It may be effective to write around slipperying
It's not like you divide the country where you gather
Please tell me about the death penalty
In other words, let's direct them to do the right thing
I will give
Avoid the situation that Yura-cho has to be on the 8th
I will try to do it, but in such a situation
It's just like it's right now
First of all, do you have any guidance like that?
Please take a look at the machine and catch the neck a little
It feels like you should listen to Pola as much as you can
Well done from the day-to-day trees like now I mean I made a mistake
You're fighting, you're right instead of giving punishment
For example, it is important that things were done immediately while the conduct was bad
Because
Of course it's important it's very important eg
Actually
In fact, if you say hello soon, within 12 seconds
If you have balsa, you are conscious
12 seconds in front of the balsa if possible
I was sent nothing if it wasn't nearly standing within
You may not remember what the same from
Well this timing is very important because dogs
Staff skills by doing the right thing and then broadcasting
I understand that there is a situation that I understand that the positive attitude is important
Thank you very much for marking
Let's have sex enhancement right away
It was the most wonderful I had ever enjoyed
Copy machine is a new viewable video
In other words about the discipline of dogs I am five star
Let's review at
When I work from a woman, I appreciate it with respect and love
Let me give you
Let's wait at 52 to 16 weeks before the bus stop with Kitazume
Until then, if you do bad things and if you do good things
Let's give a reward
Fukutoshin
Bring mischief food and toys in front of your face
Let's know that we look at your face and concentrate
This is about to happen
holiday
4th correction When it is over 52 weeks, grab the neck and å±
It does not matter
This is valid only if you find it while marshalling
opportunity
Ritsumeikan University Kinugasa always expecting anything
Let's give it a reward
Do not punish the order of love
There is one negative per hit
In other words, we will find out about the practical application of Konno's input from the general association.
Please keep the technicians in charge for the dog